Hello everyone
Today we are going to challenge the LWIAY
The most popular show on YouTube
I will comment on the mystery you created.
Supreme honor on YouTube
Not just YouTube but the highest honor on the entire network
If your fascination appears in this video
You have no regrets in this life.
Let's take a look at more about Alinity's fans.
We have not played yet
Copyright
This this
Not bad, congratulations
She.. "He must be thinking about another woman."
He.. "Why is PewNews called PewNews but the show host is Gloria Borger?"
China may use sea water to hide her submarine
Pood's YouTube channel
*No content (Content with Not become Conten't)
Are you, are you, are you?
*No original content (Original with Not become Origina't)
This is original content
The way I am above is original
Here is the United States
That's right, my favorite news site is Buzzfeed 2.
The authoritative website Buzzfeed 2 brings you inspiring information
Of course
Only the truth
Is this PewDiePie? (left.. journalist right: Pual Logan)
I don't know if you have read a report from Vancouver.
Represented in the report
I went to Japan’s "suicide forest" to photograph the body of a suicide.
"Consider that PewDiePie is the most popular YouTuber on YouTube."
"I went to the suicide forest in the original Aoki, Japan."
"Photographed the body of a suicide"
How can he do this?
I hate PewDiePie
When will he learn the lesson?
Allinity.. "I have a black bloodline"
It’s time to stop.
I understand that everyone wants to get her attention.
We have all put down
No need to continue to make fun of her
But this is very interesting
Did you do it?
Done
Then what price did you pay?
399 dollars
Have I ever talked about my chair?
Where did it go?
Thanos stole my chair
A little obsessed with PewDiePie fans
It’s a bit strange if you are obsessed with me.
I am only nine years old.
It’s time for my nine-year-old legion
ABCD
in the future
We need to use hieroglyphics to understand this mystery
This is too strange
Escape from Thanos
Fighting against Thanos
Create a weapon that can kill Thanos
Turn Thanos into a fan
And kill the mess in the memo comment
Someone has learned
You combined Twitch Thots with the Wanlezhu Coke Fountain.
Selling meat anchors for kinky
Please, brothers.
It’s time to let go
"After reading the news commentary"
"I decided to follow the seller on the left to sell the meat anchor."
very good
Congratulations
what do you want
If you don't have it, you want to reward.
Eating PewDiePie's photo until he eats my photo
Is he still going?
He is still eating 喔
Just $399
Just give me $100 and I will eat.
Or give me $200
I won't tell you his channel name.
Because YouTube will delete his channel again
PUBG decides to file a copyright complaint against Fornite
"Can we file a complaint under the Copyright Ordinance?"
Can we file a copyright complaint against Fornite?
Minister of health and health of belgium
This is a joke to tease obese people.
But very concealed, so no problem
The mystery about Alinity continues to be hot
I am now beginning to believe that my fans are nine-year-old children.
well
Thank you very much for seeing me finally.
Everyone subscribes to my channel because I am not her
do not worry
PewDiePie's nine-year-old regiment will protect you
Because you express your support for our monarch PewDiePie
Who will protect me?
Like it
If you agree with PewDiePie, rename his fans to "Nine-year-old boy"
It is already
This is inevitable
Now finally comes to the last page
Or you will find a more serious one.
Will make me feel a little more comfortable
Ok, this will be put on the first page.
Congratulations
"My wife said that if a woman rules the world, there will be no war in the world."
"I responded that this is for sure, because war requires strategy and logic."
We need to write a story for this
This is a very obvious gender discrimination
Too shameful
Not only in my personal
Is all women
All women are queens
Removing all the elements of the game that involve sexual harassment and insulting women, this is what we should do
I am PewDiePie.
Gloria Borger
She won't do this
Her Twitter is too serious
Maybe one day she will
Are you really planning to take over my YouTube channel?
It seems that I have been replaced by people.
"Nine-year-old boy" has already made a decision.
I will be resigned
Thank you all
Thank you for your support in these eight years.
Although this is a dull and vulgar channel
But finally
Goodbye everyone
(background: you will not die)
someone said
This is what is happening now
At my graduation ceremony (on the hat.. but can you do it)
Someone painted PewDiePie on the graduation cap
is this real
This is not true
PewDiePie can file a copyright complaint against her.
"I am wearing a PewDiePie peripheral product in a news report in New Zealand."
Is it "nine-year-old boy"?
(I am very grateful to you, but we only met for the first time)
(so we are only friends)
(really)
(How long)
(I will tell you after the ad)
(really not bad)
This seems to be a news program.
Did we start to infiltrate into different media?
well-done
PewDiePie's sweater is an embarrassing way to shake hands
You are a real fan
"Nine-year-old boy"
This is our genes and traditions
We won't shake hands
Let's take a look at another one.
very good
This has become an "Alinity and her enemy" channel
Another one
Another compliment if you want (if you want ItsSkyLOL to report the weather in PewNews please like it)
What happened
Strongly requested to host PewNews by Marzia
Very good Marzia is my queen
Watch the fans of the fans
(Welcome to the most popular show on YouTube)
What did you do?
(If you like the fans, please clapping)
(If you want to ruin the fans, please clapping)
(if you like memes)
(And you want to let everyone appreciate it)
(If you want to ruin the mystery, please clapping
(Comment memo is a program that is important to society)
You are the best
I have a very serious bicycle accident.
Basically the sternum is broken and the left lung collapses.
Intrapulmonary hemorrhage can not move left hand
This is the most stupid and outdated mystery I think of.
(Can you do this?)
You are a strange group of nine-year-old children.
I do not know what to say
But this is really interesting
Madmax199932 I hope you will recover soon
Thank you for saving this mystery
If you all want to be part of the rescue mere
Go and see SubReddit
How to say in English to see SubReddit
Then put your mystery on
Those interesting fans
I need a mess to relieve boredom.
Before normal
I will not host this show again.
Obviously I have been replaced
Take it, ItsSkyLOL
Hello everyone, I am ItsSkyLOL.
I will host this show from now on.
Thanks to "Nine-year-old boy"
Don't forget the LIKE piece
Still subscribe to this channel
See you tomorrow